www sneaker stock comm any guys well you
know you guys are into knockoffs and
right if you're not and I'm sorry
but it's pretty much the same as a
legit this site offers authentic quality
quality shoes and um check these
out they're the Jordan 5 lasers you know
look authentic laser print time reflects
in the light if I actually had flashed
on this video camera bottom says Jordan
got some cheap flimsy you know that
bends close with the original box
got the retro card that aside
here forces you know not the cheap
flimsy they're the correct colors
you know it also got the Jordans at that
site so good guy dude you guys should go
with them you know dunks see when we got
here Jordan one look at perfect material
you know the fuzzy black the Air Jordan
symbol yellow authentic authentic
quality what do we got here send out
ESPYs scented quality extra laces right
here
spider-man air forces let the cheap
flimsy crap the brakes like usual
so yeah I should give this guy a try you
know I mean if you're like sweatshirts
and you can get them to like the
spider-man any lrg babe I'll
check these out
Jordan five fusions correct collar look
at the bottom tag looks legit so you
made some like the best factory in China
supposedly it's made from a Nike factory
that just sells on to people right
look at the boxes yeah look here's the
five box look these are twelve fusions
that's the fake ass colors like the
usual Chinese side sky does good work so
back over here sneakers calm calm I also
have is on MSN if you want to contact
him or aim make sure to tell them that
slim 408 referred you you'll get a
discount and you'll pick the best
quality for you too
alright later YouTube and other sites
that I upload this too